blog/: add rte new revision post with resources (#105)
3mdeb/news-and-ideas: blog/content/post/2019-06-21-rte-new-version-and-kit.md

---
title: RTE v1.1.0 - enhanced remote testing now available!
abstract: Get familiar with new RTE revision - what has been changed, which

>           features are now more complex and which items has been added to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          features are now more sophisticated and which items have been added to the
```

@artur-rs I'm not sure what you mean by `complex`, but let's not scare potential buyer :)

          RTE kit available at our online shop.
cover: /covers/rte-new-revision.jpg
author: artur.raglis
layout: post
published: true
date: 2019-06-19
archives: "2019"

tags:
  - rte
  - shop
  - validation
categories:
  - Miscellaneous
  - Manufacturing

---

## Intro

Today we are happy to announce the new version of Remote Testing Environment
product - welcome RTE `v1.1.0`!

After using RTE over a year at 3mdeb in everyday tasks regarding validation and
developing firmware for various platforms, we have noticed more and more missing
features in the presented Orange Pi Hat. Furthermore, we have received valuable

> feedback from our previous customers and we have addressed all requested

Reviewer 2: Zmieniłbym `previous customers` na coś w present perfect, bo takie sformułowanie daje asumpt do założeń, że oni z nami już nie współpracują.

| 1 - high                | enabled                       |

* OC buffers GPIO header (J11) is reduced from 12 to 9 pin. accordingly to the
  `GPIO404-406` new control feature,
* new UART header (J18) has been added - USB/UART external converters are not
  required anymore!
* user can choose whether RS232 DB9 port (J14) or UART header (J18) is enabled
  for serial communication by setting jumpers on `UART OUTPUT SELECT` header
  (J16):

| Jumper position (TX and RX) | Serial communication enabled |
|:---------------------------:|:----------------------------:|
| RS232 + COM                 | RS232 DB9 port (J14)         |
| EXT + COM                   | 3.3V UART header (J18)       |

![uart-header](/img/rte-uart-header.jpg)

* eliminated issue with J6 USB port (unreliable detection of USB devices)
* smaller capacitors were applied near MAX3232 SOIC
* added LED indicator (D5) for relay state information
* added easy accessible reset button (SW1) for resetting the RTE board

![reset-button](/img/rte-reset-btn.jpg)

* added `Open hardware` icon on PCB board

![open-hardware-pcb](/covers/rte-new-revision.jpg)

## Upgraded full kit

> We came to the conclusion to remove shop kit options for RTE. From now on there

Reviewer 2: "We came to the conclusion to remove" Jakoś fleksja mi nie pasuje. Może "We came to the conclusion that shop kit options for RTE are obsolete and should be removed."

> is only one possible set to buy - the full one with all required elements for

Reviewer: @artur-rs maybe link to shop?

| storage      | SanDisk 16GB microSD card (with preinstalled compatible system) | 1        |
| clip         | Pomona 8-pin SOIC clip for Device Under Test SPI interface      | 1        |
| cables       | standard female-female connection wire 2.56mm raster            | 8        |
| cables       | IDC 8-pin wires for Device Under Test SPI interface             | 1        |
| cables       | DC Jack - DC Jack power cable for Device Under Test             | 1        |
| cables       | RS232 D-Sub 9P/9P cable for serial communication                | 1        |
| jumpers      | jumper for UART OUTPUT SELECT header                            | 2        |
| spacers      | Polyamide M3 spacers and bolts                                  | 4        |

## Summary

Don't hesitate and check out our **RTE** product on the [3mdeb-shop](https://shop.3mdeb.com/product/rte/)
where you can find more information about Orange Pi Zero shield or read about
products related to platform security such as **Trusted Platform** modules.

If you think that RTE is the product that You are looking for, but missing
something crucial for your project or that we can help in improving the security

> of your firmware or you looking for someone who can boot your product by

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of your firmware or you looking for someone who can boost your product by
```

leveraging advanced features of used hardware platform, feel free to

> [boot a call with us](https://calendly.com/3mdeb/consulting-remote-meeting)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[book a call with us](https://calendly.com/3mdeb/consulting-remote-meeting)
```
@artur-rs this should be changed in template

Author: It is already fixed, I have written this post on the previous template
